# MEDExtractor4FEA

## Overview
`MEDExtractor4FEA` is a Python tool designed for extracting and processing mesh data from MED files, specifically tailored for Finite Element Analysis (FEA) applications. It enables users to efficiently read mesh data, including node coordinates and element connectivity, which are essential for FEA simulations. This tool is particularly useful for researchers and engineers working in fields requiring detailed mesh analysis and manipulation.

## Features
- Reading mesh data (node coordinates and element connectivity) from MED files.
- Supporting extraction of coordinates for 2D and 3D models.
- Generating elements with node coordinates and element node connectivity.

## Installation

Before you can use `MEDExtractor4FEA`, you need to ensure you have Python installed on your system (Python 3.6 or newer is recommended). Additionally, the `h5py` and `numpy` libraries are required. You can install these dependencies using pip:

```
pip install h5py numpy
```

## Usage

To use `MEDExtractor4FEA`, follow these steps:

1. Place your MED file in a directory accessible by the script.
2. Ensure the Python script is in the same directory as your MED file, or adjust the file path in the script accordingly.
3. Use the following command to run the script:

```python
python your_script_name.py
```

Replace `your_script_name.py` with the name of your Python script.

## Example

Assuming you have a MED file named `Mesh.med`, you can read its mesh data by calling:

```python
node_coordinates, element_node_connectivity = read_mesh_data('Mesh.med')
```

This function returns the node coordinates and element node connectivity, which can be used for further processing or analysis.

## User Responsibility

Users of `MEDExtractor4FEA` must understand and acknowledge that they bear full responsibility for the use of any data, information, or outputs generated by this tool in their projects or research. While this tool is designed with accuracy and efficiency in mind, it is the user's obligation to verify and validate the correctness, suitability, and applicability of the extracted data for their specific purposes. Users should exercise due diligence in reviewing and testing the data within the context of their projects, especially when used in critical or sensitive applications. The developers of `MEDExtractor4FEA` make no warranties regarding the tool's performance or the accuracy of its outputs and disclaim any liability for damages resulting from its use.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions and suggestions! Please open an issue or submit a pull request if you have any improvements, bug fixes, or feature requests.

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md).

